d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TragicRPG\TragicRPG\bin\Windows\Debug\TragicRPG.exe
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TragicRPG\TragicRPG\bin\Windows\Debug\TragicRPG.pdb
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TragicRPG\TragicRPG\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TragicRPG\TragicRPG\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TragicRPG\TragicRPG\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TragicRPG\TragicRPG\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TragicRPG\TragicRPG\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TragicRPG\TragicRPG\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TragicRPG\TragicRPG\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TragicRPG\TragicRPG\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TragicRPG\TragicRPG\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TragicRPG\TragicRPG\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TragicRPG\TragicRPG\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TragicRPG\TragicRPG\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TragicRPG\TragicRPG\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TragicRPG\TragicRPG\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TragicRPG\TragicRPG\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TragicRPG\TragicRPG\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TragicRPG\TragicRPG\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TragicRPG\TragicRPG\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TragicRPG\TragicRPG\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TragicRPG\TragicRPG\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TragicRPG\TragicRPG\obj\x86\Debug\TragicRPG.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TragicRPG\TragicRPG\obj\x86\Debug\TragicRPG.exe
d:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TragicRPG\TragicRPG\obj\x86\Debug\TragicRPG.pdb
